hi this is gary with macmost.com let's
take a look at interactive charts in
numbers so I'm using numbers at version
3 I'm going to show you interactive
charts so you know regular charts are
just static graphics that appear on the
screen you can animate them to have them
grow like for instance we could select
this one here and we could say create a
chart like a 2d chart and there we go
we've got all the data from that in one
big chart but sometimes you have data
like this where you want to make it
interactive because you have more than
one dimension here we've got say the
number of sales in January 2011 and I'd
love to be able to go and then compare
2011 to 2012 2013 see how sales have
grown so I'm gonna select this whole
table here create a chart but create an
interactive chart and do an interactive
bar chart there and I'm gonna bring this
up and what I get is there's 2011 2012
and 2013 in January and there's the
number of sales I've got this slider
here at the bottom that I can move and
see there's February March April etc so
I can move along this bottom here and
change the data in the chart so I can
kind of see it change over time but this
isn't quite what I wanted but I really
wanted is I wanted to be able to compare
years so I'm going to edit data
references here and at the bottom left I
can I can swap things and now I'm gonna
get a chart that shows me the entire
year of 2011 and then I could go to 2012
and 2013 you have basically all the same
options as you have with regular charts
like be able to have a title on change
the legend change the font things like
that you have a few extra options like
you can have slider and buttons or just
buttons only so you can just use these
right here which makes more sense if
you're talking about three years and
there are four different styles of
interactive chart you saw there when I
created the chart I had four choices I
could change them here so I can go to an
interactive bar instead of column just a
few it that way I can do a scatter which
doesn't make as much sense for this
and I can do a bubble as well which
again doesn't make as much sense for
this particular set of data but it's
good to know it's here now the big
downside to nature chart is when you
export them is something else like say
PDF they're not going to be interactive
anymore so you have to use them inside
of numbers but since numbers is
available in iOS and Mac and for PC
users via numbers iCloud then it becomes
a little more useful but in general it's
just kind of useful for you just to be
able to see the change or be able to
show somebody during a presentation
where you can bring up numbers and walk
them through a chart